https://www.boonex.com/features
https://www.siteground.com/tutorials/dolphin/dolphin_installation.htm

Advanced social profiles, timelines, likes, shares, voting, friends and comments.

Social networking permeate through the entire community site and drive engagement. Users can create beautiful customisable profiles, share content, repost, comment, react and create viral growth. Friends connections build your site’s social graphs network and define content flow.

Responsive, mobile-friendly site layout.

DolphinPro is mobile on all levels. The website layouts is fully responsive and tap-friendly. All design elements are optimised to adapt to any screen size right down to smartphones. On top of that you can deploy customisable native iOS and Android apps - universal, integrated with your site, branded as your own.

Private Chat

Good chat can be the most active place for community to hang-out. So, we equipped DolphinPro with a GREAT chat! Based on WebRTC technnology, Chat+ created direct peer-to-peer connection between users, minimising load on your server. Fully mobile-friendly, responsive, fast and scalable.



Avatars
Upload, crop and manage multiple profile avatars and select active avatar.

Messenger
Basic text messenger for quick communication. Displayed in member menu and always handy.

News
Publish site news, announcements and alerts with custom publishing date and extended browsing.

Page Access Control
Setup content, navigation and blocks visibility settings for different membership levels.

Photos
Upload, browse and share photos.


Shoutbox
Let them shout! Chat-like message box where anyone can post a quick line.

SMTP Mailer
Use any external SMTP server or service to handle Dolphin site email notifications.

Timeline
Aggregated content and updates browsers in profiles, accounts and site homepage.

//---
Ads
Classified ads for site members with custom categories, prices and photos.

Payments
Connect your payment gateways to collect payments supported by different modules.

Memberships
Advertise and sell paid membership levels to your site members.

Shops
Upload and sell products, let site members sell, receive payments and connect with buyers.

Events
Create and manage events, with dates, attendants, photos, updates and forums connectivity.

Facebook Connect
Join and login using Facebook accounts, find and match Facebook friends with site members.

Chat
Multi-user video chat with concurrent video streaming, custom rooms and rich formatting.

Feedback
Collect, select and approve feedback messages from site members and publish it on the site.

Files
Upload, share, manage and publish various files, documents and media for download.

Sounds
Upload and share sound files. With categories and social sharing features.

Groups
Create and manage groups, with admins, members, forums, social features, photos and other media.

Videos
Upload, record and share videos. Built-in converter, social features, categories and privacy controls.

World Map
Browse site members and published content on the world map, with grouping and zooming.

Polls
Create Poll questions and display community replies with visualised graphs.
